2020-06-12 16:06:06.537
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqStarted=None
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqCompleted=None
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqFailed=None
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqPending=None
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqStarted /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqFailed /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqStarted=None
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqCompleted=None
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqFailed=None
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqPending=None
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqStarted /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqFailed /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqStarted=None
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqCompleted=None
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqFailed=None
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqPending=None
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqStarted /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqFailed /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqStarted=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqCompleted=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqFailed=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqPending=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqStarted /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqFailed /sec=None

2020-06-12 16:06:11.533
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqStarted=10
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqCompleted=12
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqFailed=None
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqPending=2
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqStarted /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqFailed /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqStarted=30
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqCompleted=30
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqFailed=None
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqPending=0
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqStarted /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqFailed /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqStarted=21
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqCompleted=22
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqFailed=0
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqPending=1
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqStarted /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqFailed /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqStarted=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqCompleted=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqFailed=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqPending=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqStarted /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqFailed /sec=None

2020-06-12 16:06:15.534
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqStarted=10
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqCompleted=12
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqFailed=None
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqPending=2
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqStarted /sec=0.0
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqFailed /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqStarted=30
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqCompleted=30
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqFailed=None
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqPending=0
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqStarted /sec=0.0
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqFailed /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqStarted=21
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqCompleted=22
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqFailed=0
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqPending=1
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqStarted /sec=0.0
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqFailed /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqStarted=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqCompleted=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqFailed=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqPending=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqStarted /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqFailed /sec=None

2020-06-12 16:06:16.599
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqStarted=15
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqCompleted=20
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqFailed=None
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqPending=5
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqStarted /sec=2.5
ctrlIncomingNode1.reqFailed /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqStarted=30
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqCompleted=30
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqFailed=None
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqPending=0
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqStarted /sec=0.0
ctrlIncomingNode2.reqFailed /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqStarted=40
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqCompleted=45
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqFailed=10
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqPending=5
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqStarted /sec=9.5
ctrlIncomingNode3.reqFailed /sec=5.0
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqStarted=5
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqCompleted=8
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqFailed=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqPending=3
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqStarted /sec=None
ctrlIncomingNode4.reqFailed /sec=None